All right, in the last section, we have finished the now four section.
We added to the request we got the information from the requests that James from here in the Utils folder
and be looked through it here and we used use rather.
To push the link when we click on the trending or top rated and we get the Chandra fetch top rated and
fish trendy.
In this section, we're going to start getting the information from the API themed API and show it inside
inside the results section.
In order to catch the data from the API, we're going to use something called server side rendering,
which is exclusive to next year, and it means that when the user comes to our website first, the.
Next year, server side rendering, it starts working and get all the information and send it to the
client side.
Before the persons can see their website, and it does that one in a very fast matter, so I show you
in the practice now in order to create that server side rendering function, we should go to the index
that.
Two years inside the pages, so at the bottom, now this is the client side, you should remember that
this is a client side and we're going to now go to the server side and create a function.
And this function is not going to be visible for the user just inside the server.
And after doing something or, for example, getting the API information, it sends the information
to the client side, which is here to props.
I show you in a moment how it's work.
We just need to create the function, but just say export.
It's async functions and its name is get.
Server side.
Props.
And this function is going to get something called context, which is the information, some information,
and one of the information is getting this genre of fish trending or top rated.
So we're going to get the we're going to know which.
You are ill.
Is.
In their pages in and we get this key by this key, we're going to get the information from the TMD
database correctly.
All right, so.
So we open a set of curly braces, and first things we need to get is justice genre.
Don't pay attention to the error because we're not.
We haven't finished the function yet because we are not returning anything.
We're getting this.
Error.
So first, you get Chandra with just seconds.
Chandra.
And the genre will be contacts that curry.
That genre.
So if the country was any quarry we can get from the URL using this
method.
But the bickering we are interested in is this John OKB, who is this scurry inside a constant now?
A creative function is just say, uh, we just create a constant call to request.
We're going to get the information from the API.
So this is going to wait.
And fetch some data.
All right.
The data we are going to get is from this year out.
We just used back to because we need to add the valuable genre inside the.
You are el uh.
I just grab this.
Quickly, so this is just the basis for our exit UBS.
Double column, the two former Strasz API dot the movie TV that already slashed three and the rest is
the U r l.
We have inside the.
Inside this request suggests the URL is this one.
And.
So we're going to get this one by how we know that which we are all we.
We are getting the.
Information from the.
This your uh, this query, fish trading fish first, we detect which genre we're having, and depending
on this chance of you getting the information from the this, you are out.
So we know that which we are all we are getting.
So you go to, we go back.
Let's close some of these.
Things that we don't need.
Yeah.
All right.
Inside index that yes, here we create a variable.
And the variable is going to be.
Request.
And which request we want first, we need to import requests, so we use country space.
To get the auto suggestion, and they require every import request from utilities to request.
And as I mentioned, we need to determine which tier you want and the key is comes from this genre.
So the quest and genre and the things we want to get is your.
So we just add dots you ought to know.
All right.
And after that, we just need to.
Convert this information to adjacent file.
So here we are at Dustin.
And.
As you're getting the other suggestion, we're getting a response from this request, and we're going
to convert the response to adjacent file, so we get the response and the converted to adjacent file.
So now this request is that Jason data.
So now we can.
We can export this information from the server side to the client side.
Just one thing we need to remember is we are getting this genre.
All right.
But if someone comes from a different URL, for example, the route we are here, so there is no genre
and we are reading, we are going to get some error because there's no genre.
And by default, I want to show the trending.
Uh, data, so we just see if this one exists.
It's fine, if not.
Or we get this fish trending on.
All right.
So now we need to return the props at the bottom, so we just say return.
We opened a set of curly braces, and the things we wanted to represent is props.
And this props includes the results and the results is equal to this request.
That results.
All right.
So now still, the information is in the server side, in order to get this profits, we can get it
inside the client side here as a props.
All right.
So we are getting the props, but let's destructor it before and just get the results and we just console.log
it in client side.
All right.
And be let's open the console using if 12.
And here.
Let's go to some of these things like trending.
Let's when we click on Trending now, we're getting an array.
Of 20 results, 20 IMDb movies like the first one is, uh.
Yeah, different movies.
So when we opened it, the first one is.
The yeah, the yeah, the title is the Spider man, the second one is Matrix.
So but if we click on the top rated, we should get the different information.
So now we are getting a new array and this is the first movie is an Indian movie, and the second one
is just Shawshank Redemption.
All right.
So now we're getting the results correctly.
Let's show them on the browser.
So we are getting to we are getting the results now.
Let's pass this as a props inside the results component.
And let's get this one inside the results that Jesus, which is here.
All right.
We get the props here with destructor it.
And we just say results.
And here we can look through the all the results because we have 20, so we can look through it using
map function.
So we get each results.
And you return.
For example, we return just, uh, each one first.
Same result.
For example, to it and make sure to put this one inside the curly princess because this is a JavaScript.
All right.
We are getting some errors saying they cannot read properties of undefined.
So we are not getting to.
This is some stakes here results.
And this phone to.
Results and should work now.
Yeah, now we're getting all the titles.
And also.
If you click on the trending, we get the spider.
And if you go to the.
Your L.
Just localhost three thousand.
We get the trending again because we determined here.
Inside the index, such as if there is no a specific genre, just could fetch the trendy.
All right.
So in the next section, we're going to.
Create another component called car Kartagis, and you're going to get information like images, title
some overview.
And finally, we're going to show them as a car inside this results section.
So before doing that, let's do the get half section, get hop one.
So let's clear this.
And first, we add everything.
Create a climate.
With a message saying.
Create server.
Site.
Function.
And.
Pass it to client.
Clients side.
And they push it to the get hot, get beat using get push.
OK.
Let's go to guitar and refresh the page by clicking on this.
So now we have seven seven permits.
And the last comments, which is 20 seconds ago, we created the services function and pass it to the
client side.
As you can see, we created, we changed the results that is from this to this, we map to the all the
results and showed them as a each one H1, and we added the service side function to the index that
yes, and we imported the request from utils slash request and finally console.log it in the client
side.
All right, in the next section, we're going to start creating a car, so see you in the next section.